hi I'm Jennifer time the product manager
for vacation express and today we are at
the Punta Cana Resort and club and
specifically this is the Punta Cana
Resort so what I wanted to show you the
two bedroom three bedroom individual
beachca sita's that they have here it's
a fantastic layout for a family that has
older children because the room are laid
out very separate as you can see of
course they're literally right on the
beach so let's just pan around here and
you can see the lovely new living areas
this is a common space that's kind of
built around a courtyard and you've got
a you know a nice terrace outside where
you can sit and watch the ocean and then
as you walk back you have up to three
separate and individual bedrooms each
with their own private bath and their
own private key so it's really fantastic
for those who want some privacy a group
of friends that are traveling together
and again you can't beat the location
you can't beat the beach it's a
wonderful wonderful hotel very different
very old Caribbean and we like it a lot
so if you're looking for a great trip
for families for groups of friends
traveling together think about the Punta
Cana Resort and club
okay so here we are now at the torch
resort which is terrible injuries
working a lot but slightly more
exclusive all of these here are
individual villas which can be comprised
for bed or you can purchase a
two-bedroom villas and downstairs or you
can purchase one individual and of
course most of the village near half of
the fabulous so when we walk inside your
what you're going to see here is a
really elegant be decorated room with
pristine amenities all the fabrics
everything has been done by all Baylor
Renta himself sorry about the door slam
you can see very fresh linens fresh
fabrics at that real upscale old-school
Caribbean field now the other thing that
you will want to take note of here is
the fantastic spacious bathroom the
double is in her vanity things a
wonderful jetted garden tub l'occitane
amenities let me to shave a little
amenity kit here very nice and a
separate room for shower with a rain
head across the hall you'll see that
there is a little kitchenette area where
you can keep a stock this will be
restocked by your private concierge here
with anything that you might possibly
request so if you're looking for a truly
luxurious escape well live like
lifestyles of the rich and famous and
stay and mute your head down where Anna
Wintour puts her head down when she goes
on vacation definitely think about
saying it tortuga bay